Add tools container support (#1178)
kanidm/kanidm: kanidm_book/src/installing_client_tools.md

Fedora has limited support through the development repository. You need to add the repository
metadata into the correct directory:

    # Fedora
    wget https://download.opensuse.org/repositories/network:/idm/Fedora_36/network:idm.repo
    # Centos Stream 9
    wget https://download.opensuse.org/repositories/network:/idm/CentOS_9_Stream/network:idm.repo

You can then install with:

    dnf install kanidm-clients

{{#template
    templates/kani-warning.md
    imagepath=images
    title=Take Note!
    text=Kanidm frequently uses new Rust versions and features, however Fedora and Centos frequently are behind in Rust releases. As a result, they may not always have the latest Kanidm versions available.
}}

## Tools Container

In some cases if your distribution does not have native kanidm-client support, you can use the cli
tools from a docker container instead.

    docker pull kanidm/tools:latest
    docker run --rm -i -t \
        -v /etc/kanidm/config:/etc/kanidm/config:ro \
        -v ~/.config/kanidm:/home/kanidm/.config/kanidm:ro \
        -v ~/.cache/kanidm_tokens:/home/kanidm/.cache/kanidm_tokens \
        kanidm/tools:latest \
        /sbin/kanidm --help

> If you have a ca.pem you may need to bind mound this in as requried.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have a ca.pem you may need to bind mount this in as required.
```
